well let's go back now to our
correspondent TK Abu aom for us in Kan
yunes in southern Gaza as we're getting
that news out of alifa and those babies
being moved T I was looking back at my
notes and when the the power went out
there were 39 babies removed from
incubators and now I understand just 31
have actually made it out of the alifa
hospital where will they go
now yes um after 40 days of Relentless
attacks that took place on the Gaza
Strip by the Israeli occupation forces
the situation in the shifat hospital had
reached unprecedented critical levels
that even patients inside the shifat
hospital after the Israeli control
cannot no longer keep receiving and even
receiving a treatment by the Medical
Teams inside this medical complex after
the Israeli forces had ruined the
diversity diversity number of medical
equipment and even buildings inside this
medical conflix so those premature
babies have been been uh taken to the
southern area hospitals by the save uh
the children organization where it has
sent six ambulances to H carry 31
premature babies to the southern areas
of Gaza Strip hospitals we are talking
about the European hospital and the
nasar hospital in the south of the
territory meanwhile two of those uh two
babies premature babies had died before
they could be transferred and to be
moved to the southern areas of Gaza
Strip the transferring of those babies
came as a step in order to protect them
and and to provide them with the
necessary medical treatment as even the
capacity of the hospitals in the South
had reached maximum maximum levels where
the incubators inside the nasar hospital
is Healy uh occupied we're talking about
12 incubators uh 12 six of them are
occupied it means that there are need in
severe need to more incubators in order
to host those premature babies even the
situation in the South for those babies
is critical as the Israeli relentless
Bart also continue in the south of Gaza
Strip T you say the these steps have
been taken to protect them well it's
protecting just the ones that remain tar
abazo there on the ground forest in Kan
yunes in southern Gaza thank you so much
tar